[Music]
and
for
me
[Music]
and maybe he
and nothing
[Music]
and
we did
[Music]
and
[Music
]
and for
[Music]
me [
Music]
visit
[Music]
in a mass
by5
[Music]
no no
[Music] no [Music
]
for you
[Music]
visit
[Music] [Music] [Music] [
Music]
I want to feel your body continued
mine because he loves me
[Applause] [
Music]
yes
[Music]
no [
Music]
ah [
good night family
like so many people
like others to people who want to jump
[Music]
to see the contrast of bands
the sun
[Music]
[Applause]
well here we leave the musician you no
I forgot to open the alerts I'm going to
put it right here
well how are you people
already Aitana is not posted because of copy of Aitana is
not posted because of copy and
we can't post whatever we want
well I had it too we posted it
but it was when she didn't leave the live shows up
of course the coolest debate is the one with
Young Man face rolling with
laughter they humiliated each other too much the
coolest debate is the one you like the most You
Are The Human right now I don't
remember it
from memory I don't remember it would be good to have
a compilation of humiliations in
debates no let's
see few debates I have lost in my
life
few debates I don't
know if it puts the text here a little bit
bigger I don't know why I don't know if
in Vista but it looks a little small let's
see try to make it a little bit bigger
for Evans it's fine like that wouldn't
be good a compilation of debates
sion
my way about the video of 14 44
true
the debate that I liked the most was
Sandro's but with Jandro we no longer debate
a talk an interview
Javi don't touch anything that the young people well that's
also true
well it's also true if I start
playing the game things don't
remember to share and come on well what I
'm going to do is put the link of
the members
fixed the chat before starting with the with
the salseros I wouldn't like to know
if the gifting members thing has
already been put on my channel or not because I've seen that they
have a lot of channels
but here it still doesn't sound like it's
possible
to me it doesn't sound like it's possible but well I do
n't know why I
want to feel your body next to mine
because we
always take a candy
to clear our throat
here it comes out it's
not that it comes out it's that I also
went to the dir and mario channel that is
supposed to have it yesterday or the day before yesterday
when when it was live
and I didn't find the option I know that he
has it and people were giving away
members but I didn't find the option
anywhere below
and I was here on the pc which wasn't an
iphone or anything like that so I don't know I do
n't know the truth it gives us an idea it must be
cool god because if they
put it for us to be able to give away
members
we're going to go far
brando thank you very much
we are more than  1,500 members I looked at it yesterday the day
before yesterday more than 1,500 members that are
not leaving to give away you have to be a
member now but for you it turns out we are
more than 1,500 let's see if it's true
that here we reached 3,000 it was
the peak we touched 3,000 members but
then we have been going down especially we
hit the drop when I stopped doing
the live shows here I went to tweets and
now they are holding up it is
holding up but yes it's true that
man it would be cool to reach 3,000
unstable again you tried to put in a request
to have it activated
laxe the request
look like the street the street
trying to go to tweets
and the street completely because we lost
a lot of members there was the line of
the graph because there is a graph
well I'm going to show it I don't mind
showing you it's
worth it I don't care to show it or not it won't
happen
[Music]
but what good and better but
here okay there is
this graph
now it has been falling a little not much
to fallen
but from February 2022 to May it has  been
falling okay but
the churritos
are the ones who give it away the ones who have fallen the ones who are the
most clear look right now there
are a
thousand 561 members
300 are d
zorrita
74 my brother and some kids
kids on the expensive side not the
rich side let's not say no don't
worry for those members they
recover with time
hopefully I'll be a member for two years I
love you very much thank you for the hours of
entertainment you give us every day
purple heart it's said soon to love and two
years thank you very much
almost all of you old guys are going to be a
member for two years
but what a mess up fat man thank you very much
for those two months what a mess up man that
this graph with taught was always
straight I mean that's called loyalty
if there is in itself
like there has been since [ __ ] great and then
okay look for them that's
called loyalty
delicious do you remember when we saw it
but then I screwed up I screwed up going to be
the live kids tweets I
wanted to try because since everyone
says it's who tweets in your and nothing
does like that I had my audience here you
don't take them to  tweets you don't
take them to the kids so the
kids would work on tweet
because of course
we triumphed in the squid games it
compensates you for losing members on youtube
for twitch jolie well no
thank you very much but i read that you had to
prove the truth and i'm waiting for them [ __ ]
camera provides it let's try it like
everyone said you and you and your tweet no i
'm here i've been here all my life here i'm
staying no and then that month that i think
was november december i'm not sure
when it was well not so much it wouldn't be january
february no
january february if it was it
says success in visits at least they are
recovering from traveling and already javi oliveira
the explosion of visits is unbelievable the
main channel is crazy to the channel well
all the channels are right now I would
sign for them to stay like this let's
see also i have a very good team
that is helping me we are already
managing to focus each one on their
mission no
each one on their mission is not helping me
with this air against them the
ceo and rich in the skillful canine I can now
focus on creating good content the
truth is i'm tired of  throw money at you
without being a member there was well art member a it's already
finished to be members okay
sorry sorry and I wanted to leave the
main no man no always long no no no no let's see me I
keep thinking
honestly I keep thinking that to me let's
see it's going to sound a little strange I'm
tired of throwing money at you without being a
member a kiss king thank you very much let's see
I want and this is why the
issue of members is always very important it's worth it
I want I want to explain something to you and tell me
if you agree or not okay
but I believe and I was talking about this
the other day with Rio okay I believe
that
any achievement that I get in this
profession is worth
any achievement I think is worth
double and I'm going to explain why it seems like
a shadow of what I'm saying but I'm
going to explain why okay I'm
looking for yours I explain it the other
day I published some tweets where I explained
that he being Dubai exists okay
and it's going to seem very confident not the color
that I'm going to tell you but come on
I have it very clear okay
any achievement that I get is
worth double I
snore  thank you very much because everyone
welcome I snore the new member
because everything I'm achieving
varies now thank you very much
welcome it's against the current and
jumping over the trip that is
put on me for when I go bald
thank you facu for when I'm bald it's
important that you make donations to me in case my
hair falls out could turkey very
important
I am achieving what I'm
achieving
manuel thank you against all the
trips that are put on me all
the covers all the cancellations all
the calls to newspapers to
get headlines defaming me all the
calls agents who work on the
site to trip me up it
's like for example the issue is already more
than evident that I have people coming in
trying to boycott that there's no
need to explain it no there's no need to
prove it that's already credible no if I
go on TV they're all there and
boycotting me if I appear in a news story
in a newspaper that gives me
good publicity they're all there in the response
criticizing me trying to throw me I
think it's more than evident or rather
when  when twitter
when twitter
made me laugh a lot when twitter
[Music]
gave me the runaround with the verified that it didn't
want to verify my account, you know the
strongest channel of salt ceo and the
heart in Spain
and I don't know if it's Spanish-speaking
or at least one of the strongest
okay let's give it there also fulfilling
all the requirements as I already explained
in google trends it was the most
searched name of u2 green to seo
in the press in the press last year I
went out almost every day
for better or for worse and with the
Antonio David issue all day the
Antonio Davis interview the videos in the reason I don't
know what and they didn't give me the verified it said that they
didn't meet the requirements and
obviously it was because in each country
okay in each country choosing whether they give you the
verified or not in each country it is decided by
the branch of each site in this case
twitter is a country okay with twitter spam I
have a problem that in the end we are going to
end up seeing each other in court that is very
clear to me but come on I am
simply waiting for a few
confirmations of some things  and we will
see each other of course we will see each other
and I even if it is a little compile today with my
own, I mean I think that there is
something not only because one measure
is the verification that in the end I had to
pull strings and move higher ups
so that they would give it to me because they
had to give it to me, I met the requirements
and the verification was mine
and with a slap on the wrist to higher authorities
verified there is an issue that I will be able to
tell that is the host in which
through a judge we are asking
twitter for information that they have it they
can give it to twitter spain and the state
hesitating with the judge
and they have given us the information that
the judge is asking for okay and not
only that but then we have on the
other hand that I have cases that I am
compiling in which the police and
other judges do ask
the tweet for that information and if they give it to them okay and this will
evidently lead to a complaint
surely for disobedience and we will
see why for how many other things okay
not only that not only that I will
tell this this is going to be
a scandal the devil tell okay
because also with the nerve and with the
indications that there are, no longer, not only that,
when they suspended my
Twitter account, I spoke with, I
spoke with a Big
Brother contestant, I'm not going to give you her name, don't you
think that Twitter is going to change much with
Hilo, I'm
not clear yet or that Hilo is
going to buy it, I
told this at the time, okay, but when it
comes, they suspended the Twitter accounts
because there was a person making
calls, it's a person who talks to the
usual people, it's a person who also
went around bragging in conversations and
showing a fake ID with which they were
pulling my accounts, not
a Big Brother contestant, she told me,
look, I just met this person, she
gave me her phone number, it's her
work phone number and the work email for Twitter
Spain so that you can contact her, I
tell you, she says, here, contact her because the
people who are more or less known, she
attends to us here, it doesn't solve the
problem, this Big Brother contestant
had her account returned after
an unfair suspension, she gave me the
phone number and I  I spoke with all the
education in the world. Hello, good afternoon.
Look, I'm so-and-so, it happened to me and the one
from Twitter Spain answered me directly. And
why are you talking to me?
This here you
write an email, write this email, and she
blocked me on Guasave. She blocked me on Twitter and
blocked me by email. Well, by email, it's not
that she blocked me, but she gave me the
runaround.
I got the impression that she knew who I was. Okay,
the official Twitter
Spain account. Look at who, look at who she follows. She
follows people like bliss
at 12. In the end, I was verified by tripping her
up, but pulling from someone
superior, take it,
and it's not that anymore.
Me on tweets, on YouTube, I'm going to keep
thinking what's happening is that I'll have to
put up with this. Never in my life. This,
well, maybe life takes many
turns, blessed, you know, but I'll have to put
up with this. This, I'll have to put up with this
and there will be no way
to prove it.
I'll solve this the day I
work in another medium or work
somewhere else and the people who follow me
get into my channels, being members,
for example, that's why I insist so much
with  the two members of the members
is not for this type of things the
members are not about power money or rather the
members I have it set at the
minimum price which is 90 cents of which
I had it takes 55 and of my 45
making it takes half so
imagine what comes to me from
the members well in fact you've already
seen it
on youtube I still think that I am and
javi you know about the case of Marcelo the idea
first time I heard in my life
on youtube and I still think that there is
something look the other day explain this
okay there is a
this this was something that went very
viral which was the other day of that guy from the US who was
going to shoot at him
there and that day I don't know why okay
that case went viral a lot okay
a lot of misfortunes happen in the world
but for some reason
on google this case wanted to escape they didn't
want it to go viral they make a
lot of videos about the subject on youtube
on google the google page they also
hid the searches and so on I don't know
why okay I know that obviously
several colleagues because we were seeing
how they were covering the videos that were
talking about the subject at the slightest don't
bend down and get to know it
great facu very funny the moves they
were passing videos and also in the
youtube chat because they explained to me more or
less the rules and why they were
doing this I didn't understand it very well
but well the fact was that they were
reviewing all the videos on the subject that had been
done very well on this subject and they
were digging it pom pom pom pom I made
a video
that reached like 80,000 views I think
on the canijo channel no mine video was
positioned very well it was a it was a
reaction to the video it is him talking about the
subject to be they removed the video at the
time well at the time they removed my
live and I managed to rescue the video
because I cut the part where
frames came out
and stopped the frame you couldn't see the
body you couldn't see blood you couldn't see anything
but well you remove them and there I was I was
able to save the video no but notice that
even if I save the video once who
sea found my video made a point and
capped it if you realize to us
then the companions when they are
seeing this excerpt they will agree with me
and they will understand it in
each video here below they put many
more things okay there are many more jobs and it
tells you where each visit comes from okay
so the exploration functions
are the first ones are the first
visits if you see here the beginning of the
peak is around here not that we do not like that
your video appears on the
home screen or on the subscriptions screen
no then there are the notifications
if you see how many people watch my
videos through notifications
maybe in each video it is 1500 or 2000
through the notification with half a
million subscribers okay and then there are
other things for example
the searches on youtube okay what is it that
I do a lot of videos I
know or I worry a lot that
the video is well positioned because as I know
that at the beginning it does not have many visits
then
[Music] I
try to position it as best as possible
so that the searches appear and so on
no then I achieved this video school
that you [ __ ]  on youtube searches
and it seems that people when they searched for
things on the subject my
video appeared and here you have the proof okay
when the video dies when they
load it from the searches you see it look they
load it from the searches and
see you later the video goes from uploading point by
point a ship to being loaded by
finger they
load it by finger okay
this is because of this issue
of the issue of
what happened in the US that for whatever reason
Google wanted to or I don't know why they
want to hide the subject let's see I understand
that maybe they go into videos in which
sensitive images are seen but they
hide the subject I don't understand why
because in the world many
things happen that are hard no and information
is information but this is the sign
that on Saturday they will exist and that
youtube can escape a channel and can
escape a video whenever it wants so
something has happened in the
last few weeks and that is that my channel
xavi made it shitty thank you thank you
very much it's not progressing
that weird but oh well  Thank you very much and
Zorita thank you very much for your 18
months something has happened in the last few
weeks that my main channel has
positioned itself that it loads you with the subject of
Jong and so on we are making some
really good videos
such tremendous the videos on the
main channel the truth is that they are turning out
very good no
but there is one thing that catches my
attention family something caught my
attention a lot
the last videos what happens is that
you do not see the real visits for
example the channel the last video that was
uploaded
surely
the last video that was uploaded surely to
you
or appears 3 or 14 thousand visits I think they
appear to you right now but in
real visits it has 40 thousand okay in three
hours and this video is going rather
slow compared to the previous ones
okay the previous videos the one of Johnny
playing Jack Sparrow the one of the
lawyer Camille the one of the last videos
on the subject of ambition and
almost all of them in the first four or
five hours have reached 100,000
visits okay
you know what happens
when 56 hours pass
when 56 hours pass  suddenly they stop getting
visits
and I have them and the video stays there for
example the other day this video of
the Johnny Depp video will it be
Sparrow again okay that was a video and also
Ivan has the screenshots because he was
sending them to him and I look how this
video is going in four hours and in a thousand visits
that was a video
that after four or five hours it reached
140 thousand visits
okay it reached 140 thousand visits
and there it stays
or in other words in the following days it no longer has
visits right now the
video has 152 thousand visits it has grown in almost
a week 10,000 visits
when it is a video that the first 4 or 5
hours had 100,000 which is not
normal one
hundred thousand visits in four hours it has
a channel with a million visits or in other words, for
a video to position itself above
all one of the things that most affects
the performance of the video apart from the
likes the comments and all that one of
the things that most affects is
the pull that the video has and the clicks
that the video has at the beginning here I
know  very closely youtube and if they
react proactively when there are
videos that talk about sensitive topics
even if there is no image in the families they
can report it and it is ported before
yes yes I know it is about the video this apart
here you have the graphic this was this they
ported it by finger or in other words made by hand they
took they went through all the
videos a little and were able to give
this video they did not delete it because it did not
violate anything but they did layer it and
remove it from youtube searches no
then it seems very suspicious to me
that my videos of johnny d
ask you in the first 4 or 5 hours for 100
120 130 thousand visits and then the rest of
the days
the normal family of logic and the book
in addition to youtube facu thank you very much
welcome to gary
thank you very much heart thank you very much more
read
thank you very much for those of you who are
becoming members while I explain this about the
book of the book is that if some
videos have at the beginning in the
first 45 hours 100 150 thousand visits
the logical thing is that  that video as
the days go by it reaches 400 or 500
thousand views although at least every 200 or 300
thousand which at least the normal thing is that it goes to
400 500 thousand views a video of the
first 45 hours of 100,000
maripa thank you very much what is my theory
that maybe it will sound like a conspiracy but
listen my theory is that on youtube there is
someone
who cannot see me
either because of friendships or because of
ideology because I have criticized some
youtuber that they don't like or whatever
but my theory you already have the proof
also with the issue of
javier canijo's badge it is not normal that this
channel reached 100,000 like three
years ago and in three years that I asked for the badge
every time I had to ask for the
badge they told me that I did not meet the
requirements and I told them but why if
the channel generates enough money and the
channel has all the videos in green it has
all the videos it has no extras it has
nothing it has no
age restriction it does not have why every time I
put a video  with age restriction
red wolf the channel has nothing
absolutely does not violate anything because it does not
give me the plate that's how it does and Miranda did not give it to me
now because I have already put by
balls the same with twitter
antonio vila plates arrived
immediately it is normal
the plate simply when you reach
100,000 and meet all the
requirements that you do not have extra they are
monetizing the roll the plate is
sent to you and the time it takes to arrive there
is no explanation why
youtube on the secondary channel did not
give me the plate and told me no no it is that it does not
meet our criteria
a few years ago you gave me the one
for the main channel but it seems that it does not
meet the criteria
like the aura interview or when he
administered the interview to 34 of the
same the self-employment interview
the only [ __ ] interview he has done on
youtube com / play that I think that nothing more
than now I think that nothing more than he has
given a talk to ibai
and the priest he
still hasn't given one yet he still does
n't give a talk or to jordi wild that
his colleague washed  because he has already
told her that she is washed
but that the self-employment interview and
also being on the cover of my channel
the gold place interview so that it has
less than a million
what less how many clicks how many clicks of
my interview auron will go viral and
have millions of views in texts and
in the shorts
my theory is
that someone knows someone on youtube
and that sick guy who works on youtube will
get in every day
or every time he feels like visiting my channel
and cover up whatever on youtube or google
or wherever maybe
every once in a while he gets in or it's been
three hours since he uploaded the video there are other
days almost five hours since he uploaded the video there
are other days but now the
main channel is improving a lot but the
main channel does not have what it should have not a
chance the videos made
of johnny depp are the [ __ ] best the
videos that we are making with
information for me are the best I have not
seen the others but for me
they are the best but I tell you now
that it is not normal that a video that the
first four hours have 100,000
views that the video dies there it
is not normal
and I know what it is
the raisins that is going to be very difficult and
those on Twitter I am still going to get it
surely the things that are done on the
other hand the thing
on Twitter we are going to get it from
another side
and it will be a scandal
on YouTube
that is the very good point of view there was
that point of view which is surely
if you tell me it is not that you have stopped being
interesting it is that people do not like it anymore
what happens to me is
not normal
what happens to me is not normal that is why I
say that no matter how far we
go give it
double the merit
give it double the merit it is not this anymore
but I am counting it is this splitter you
get into the squid game and you are one
of the most viewed on
the third day with 67 thousand viewers
and tea
and they go on your tweet account in the middle of
live
two days later the London was out for no
reason
think what you want about
everything about everything that
everything we reach to everything we
reach give it double the merit
because I have people who are
boycotting this because they want us to
be here because it interested us because it
interested us that I'm here giving
things to you
think about it
you think about it simply suspicious they do
n't seem suspicious to me it doesn't
seem suspicious to me it seems shameless
to me it seems extremely shameless extremely shameless
and here you have the proof the videos
any Google worker can
get away with it by hand don't worry
you know we will always be
supporting afterward of course how lucky we are that we are
still here because many people
support me and because people search for me
follow me on all social networks
search to see my videos search to see
my live shows
we are on Instagram we are ready
we are everywhere that is
interested is interested but yes yes I
mean that they are not interested in those people I think
that here they speak truths that hurt it
will be that yes yes but they speak truths that hurt that he
manipulated information and that I
have things because and that there are people who
are there are people who live in resentment in
hatred and very well heaven and earth that if they
pulled the same strings so that things would
go well for them they
would be rich there was a person who
hates him or who loves him personally he
destroyed me  Thank you very much but let it
be literally like that. I
know it sounds a bit like Wind and
when he was talking about the owls and all that,
but no, really, what I'm saying
isn't crazy at all. I mean,
what I'm saying isn't
crazy at all. If you pay attention, if you pay
attention
to the Twitter stories, my
story with Twitter,
the day of the Twitter people, the day that I
wanted to contact Twitter Spain
because they were literally impersonating me,
recognizing in a bunch of
record groups and private messages the
kids who were doing it, not the
criminals who were doing it with the ID.
No, and I contacted Twitter
and they blocked me without saying a word.
But the fact that they blocked me, they
even blocked Lorena, it
was absolutely shameless, absolutely shameless,
and you all have it.
I'm telling you all, anyone who
understands YouTube, any colleague,
will confirm it. A video that has a
hundred thousand views in four hours, it's not
normal for people to die at 56 hours.
Events, two bathrooms, two
valid explanations, zero. The
Squid Game. The Game of
squid we were bursting you will not see
a salt channel or that starts
playing video games and has 6 or 7 thousand
viewers we
had triple the viewers of
famous youtubers of those of us who make
salsa videos
and in the middle of a live
for the [ __ ] face with six or seven thousand
viewers per varied account
banned account they do not bring them or no account
banned
a week when the squid games end he
sent me an email tweets
and says
sorry it was our mistake I had not
broken any rules
your channel has already been restored he
entered London he entered deep
we had a [ __ ] great time 1,2000
daily viewers
with a genius
after 2 days
look at javi we have to give you an
explanation it's not that people have
complained that they do not want to have a
person who has a channel in which
maybe at night he can make a
video
if you have put me in
knowing well already but it's that such they
told me some names some
think what you want for me for me it is getting out
of hand for more than one
and  you can convert to mobile
but as I say some of the things like
these from youtube are pure
conspiracies because of the conspiracies
hospira no they have already operated on me already better
said they do not operate or the color is worth but what
is that I tell you that I have been
on youtube for seven years I tell you that you do not
have in a video
120 thousand visits and 100,000 visits 140
thousand visits the first 3 or 4 hours and
the video dies there it is
a video that is a video that is gone it
is a video that is for the 400 500 thousand
visits in two or three days
that is a video but this is a thing
about youtube this is a thing that we are going to I do
n't know what suddenly someone from youtube
who becomes family and I know if I see trim
that whatever or whatever the
'tweets' thing is I do not see the point of
tweets we
could have done 10,000 things
before that for them to have
put some stress on me in tweets they get
angry with the support in the live
tweets they have been  I
snuck [ __ ] in
and they haven't banned us, we are
supported here, it's closing directly from
deleting, I'm going with the supports
and we adapt live with 67 thousand
viewers playing
without doing multi string, without without putting in that not the
thing about Facebook also that they didn't
want to give you the pp the partner yes but
there I don't think it's the case, I isolated it from
Facebook, I think it was because
Facebook doesn't want them to upload the same
videos that they upload to YouTube, they want me to
make special content for Facebook,
so I told him look,
in fact, at that time Ari was on
Facebook and she tried to help me but they
wanted me to do it and thank you very much, they
wanted them to make videos but that's why I
say it now, we always have to take into
account everything we achieve,
the squid hurt me more than the deep yes yes
the truth is that yes the squid
made me want to cry
and prepared because I'm going to be more room
for the sorrow of many, I'm going to have, I'm going to be
in more places,
well, it wouldn't be so crazy on
Facebook, YouTube, they are not brothers at
all, Carmen,
what would not be crazy  what I
'm telling you about the videos of the
visits that they delete the videos from the
searches and apart from that the worst thing is that the
worst thing is that we have the
statistics of our videos and
then we see where each visit
comes from because it comes from that part of I do
n't know what it is to know
but well family we are never
going to give up we are always going to keep
fighting and I tell you what you have to
do is always check the subscription
to all the channels
okay check the subscription to all the
channels
when every day
get in get
into the channels to see what
new content there is in case you want to see
the videos
and above all who can and wants to
become a member okay whoever it is
greetings my german I'm glad
the note is going well for you thank you very much for this
super cha whoever wants to be able to
become a member because you want to not
being a member as if you have more
because one day thank you very much friends
welcome sacu rita
welcome king
whoever wants and can do it the
third series will be the charm the
third series will they ban me again in
two days or something like that
way recently they removed my
subscription to the main one again if it exists
clearly like that  karime yes yes
what can I tell you what can I tell you that there
may be people who like it
more or less but what can I tell you that a
video that has a hundred thousand views in the
first four hours is not
dead in the next half hour and
what can I tell you that a video of silver
against chocas does not ask you at 20 thousand
views
how long has it been live I lost it I just
know or no we haven't started yet we haven't
started yet in fact I was
here spouting a roll churra the
dead pixel is growing well I think
not I think it's not growing but
until it is at least like my
head I'm not going to fix the camera I'll
probably fix it I'll bring it to rule
in the two or three days that we are
moving
to a ticket more active the
gift subscriptions on youtube well I don't know it is
requested but it is what I tell you I
wrote you a while ago in the private message
on twitter to let you know that I had
unsubscribed from all all the channels
that if I know it saddens me to see xavi
discouraged discouraged for nothing
these things motivate me more to continue
fighting even more  or I know how many more
trips I fight
the more trips I fight the more hair I
simply
and I tell you more or less how the
situation is so that you if there is a
look and think hey maybe it's that
every month suddenly the first
150,000 people watch a video and
suddenly the video is no longer interested and
nobody else watches it hey maybe maybe it's that so
many people suddenly subscribe to my channel
because they get the itch hey maybe
tweet made a mistake the day I manage
the account in the middle of the squid game
in the middle of a tweet - rival with 7,000
viewers
surely
I the only thing I tell you is that
whoever can
do it is worth it to always check the
subscriptions that not only
check the subscriptions that took a
look at the channel to see if
content has been uploaded no and above all whoever can
become a member
especially whoever can become a
member because it's 90 cents and in the
end that way you more or less never lose
track tion by that they follow me on
twitter  instagram so we just
hit
436,000 on the main page okay from
ignorance it won't be that the
Johnny thing is because the videos get
old very quickly not crazy because I the
Johnny thing in the first place no
no because they don't get old after half an
hour or rather they don't get old in half an
hour they don't have 4 in the first 45
hours 150,000 views and suddenly
the graph cuts out without bread it's not worth it
we hope that the Johnny thing when it
gets good it will get old the whole
thing will
stay watching the whole thing but
still not because there are many other
colleagues who deal with Jong's topics and are
less up to date than me and it has more or
less
no jp's group I don't think I have I don't
think it has anything to do with this
jp's group not in that sense no but
or I forgot to comment on this about the
text
how he eats about uncle
how he eats or the text
reached uncle and the same thing every day
chatting me up with 800 red wine blocking my
account so I can't upload said I
say it that clearly every progress  that we
make is worth every bit of progress
we make
every bit of progress we make give it
double the merit because surely if we didn't
have
the obstacles they put in our way and what
we have which is no small thing in what we
have yes thank you very much
welcome uncle welcome
thank you very much what we have is no small thing what we
have from the people on top of me to
put Shankar and others is nothing it's no
small thing it's being strong any other
mentally also thank you very much
any other mentally would have
left and I'm not the first nor the last to
whom they will surely do this but
any other mentally would have gotten
tired or would have given up would have
given up their dream or would have given up what they've been
fighting for for 67 years and everything they've
achieved over these years they
would have left because they're
trying to bring you down
if you went to a Lasexta program
under a Lasexta program and you press these little
buttons - which they remove or under a
Lasexta program that they do a
report on me so you can see that it doesn't matter
ideologies or anything they do a
report on me to help me locate a
stalker
a  stalker who is threatened with
raping my children and they appear appear
in the replies to the tweets of the
ex assets to try to complain about the
documentary
how do you complain about the documentary what
problem do you have with the documentary what
problems do you have with what are they asking the guy
the only channel that they have tried to throw
the plus alza at the moment of triumph
on air
at the moment of triumph and you know what
happens what produces the increase I don't have it
plus alza I don't have it they have it
they are not in my account I have to
report you live for being a
terrorist of seduction machines I'm
sorry but my sexuality is at stake
thanks Joshua well let's see head I
didn't record this part for you but this
good part we talked about it
chatting
well family of course as always
the protocol what I'm watching on
youtube
I'm going to talk about a cancellation that I
honestly found regrettable okay a
cancellation that they did to willy
ter but let's get to the highlights people have
made juanitos there the other day
and it's the typical [ __ ] simply
because because it seems that we are in
things that I don't even know how to explain
this we are in a kind of  society
that people instead of aspiring to fight
for their dreams
to fight to achieve goals not to
aspire to something more no what I tell you well well
I always if a person
is wrong that I say it but he is a very
hard worker
he worked in a place and was 13
years fixed in that company in fact 'the
authority' excellence no I work
in a place where I woke up at
4 in the morning and was there for I don't
know if 12 hours but of course I am
never satisfied with a normal salary
because I have always thought
that I could aspire to something more aspire to
something more aspire to something more and to be
happier no and instead of fighting for their
dreams or aspiring to something more
we live in a society and it is no longer about
cities or countries that all this I think
happens all over the world
thank you very much friends we live in a
society where people instead of wanting to do that
they are bothered that others are doing
well
I remember that in a video wall stree
volver imposed an example that I loved
and I have used it many times in
other videos of mine that is like that
we
when we see our neighbors
buy a Ferrari I don't know if that was
the literal analogy but it was something
like when we see our
neighbors buy a Ferrari we
don't want to ask them or look at them
to take an example to see how they did it to
try to get it I
don't to try to follow in their footsteps to
convince them no no no we don't want to bother them we
want to bother them they're worth it and it's disgusting
okay so on the one hand there's that part
I think what we're going to comment on in
this extract on the one hand it's about
that and on the other hand it's about
progressivism there's no one there's a survey I
did the other day on my
main channel let's look for it because I
did it in the community tab and the truth is it
gave me a little bit of concern it gave me
some concern okay there's one we
just reached 436 and it's not even
updated I just saw it on my phone there's
a survey that I did that's quite
worrying that says who's going to win the
trial and by the way I was wrong which
by the way I was wrong I put who's
going to win the trial and today I was
telling you that I had asked who do you
think of course here there are people who have  voted
3 percent for amber believing that
she's the one who's going to win what creates it
is that I was in the video when I
managed to think that the question was
who do you think but it is who do you think is going to
win the trial of course well
of 46 thousand votes almost 50,000 votes
of almost 50,000 votes
that would already screw me a channel that the
polls participate 50 thousand you are worth 3%
votes let's see what is happening that there
is simply the usual clownish ideology limpet I
know of ideology made of
the extreme progressivism of now not
what they want to believe in doing I
explain it to you on other occasions I do not
go to the beach much in this but I have
some ideas that would belong according to
the things that count not
in what is progressivism or at
least in what are ideas that are
taken over by the left-wing parties of
well
or rather that although I
stay with box of the parties that there are I tell you this
clearly okay it
's not because I like it 100% it's because I am  I
agree with his entire
political campaign but honestly what we have to
choose and I'll stick with box he's the
only one who so far has no
corruption cases
and if you kiss me in the past of
some politicians who have been out there it's
no use to me because the party
has no corruption cases and apart from that I
think it would be a party that
wakes up the country now I would give it a
review I would get rid of chiringuitos I would get rid of
nonsense and nonsense no and then we would
talk no matter what I like
bulls more I don't like bulls they
like the house I like the house these are
things that the truth is
well you love the screenings
political debate here no but yes it's true
that he would agree with me in
Castilla I don't know I don't know look for the country and
for the interests specifically here already
the ideologies and the rights lgbt and
dylan me of course of course
of the but well we're not going to become
a political debate okay I already have
many videos where I do it
the thing is that the thing is but I
recommend that you watch a channel
called info blogger info
blogger okay
as I was saying
by  ideology plain and simple and
parties are defined as
football teams when a politician from a
party they like [ __ ] up they
defend them with things, for example if
any of them I will not criticize politicians whatever
party they are from as long as they do something wrong
okay but there are people like Podemos and
this is for example without Monte the
area ridiculousness and for example if they have
Monte he does not speak out in favor
of some victims
because maybe they are not women
because
of a certain nationality they do
not say oh girl Montero they
defend them and cover up their [ __ ] ups like
football teams no and these people have
taken over feminism supposedly no
and they are creating a concept of
feminism
they are creating a concept of
feminism in which it is assumed that you have to
believe any woman
even if she is a [ __ ] liar even if she is a
complete liar who presents
false evidence in court okay I have
never seen so much collective hatred
towards an abusive man as they
have towards hambre here
who has never seen such collective hatred it
seems to me that you will not get into the networks
what happens of course you have to have
hatred for her  an abuser must
have at least two microphones I
have to buy an amplifier a little
blue gadget that was bought for this
microphone but it costs a fortune and I haven't been
able to buy it yet is worth it
I have seen very high profile cases
of kidnappings
of girls who have later appeared
dead or have not appeared yet
and yes there has been a collective hatred
towards that abuser or towards that
murderer that microphone this south that has a
Viking cough
no here he would not be in charge abused lion
and here what he is saying is that
when when it is publicly discovered
in some high profile case that a man is
an abuser who does not have the same
collective hatred
what are they having for hunger
and it is like having hunger she is a liar
who is handing over photoshopped photos
in a court laughing at
justice using it to sink
her ex-partner
who uses the false mit movement
to try to be right
and that she was trying to fix ruin the
career of an innocent man
that her career has been tested
and or go get jobs
if you cross them and I have to  make the
churros I have to
make the churros but I
have to create each link for
each verse and I swear I don't stop
working all day creating
content okay so
she's not only about
destroying her partner laughing at
justice laughing at the entire planet beta
[ __ ] up
today is the day
good handsome thank you very much arrive thank you
very much but you tell
me that there isn't a collective hatred
man I don't want to give names right now
or stir things up to deal with this case but well I mean I
know a lot of cases
come on I know don't you all know
cases of girls who have disappeared of
boys of girls who have disappeared they're
going to turn up dead of girls that they
still haven't found the bodies of
girls how about and of course
the people have turned on whoever you
're telling me what brings out the
best what these Arab ladies
are missing is the people
turning on a man
labeling him an abuser when he's not what they're
missing is false it doesn't allow
this is a ridiculous thread pay attention to  the
news that just came out a little while ago
no the police rule out the
gang rape reported by a young woman from
Granada this is a girl who reported
a V okay
a group V apparently when leaving
a nightclub and the police at the moment
are ruling it out we are
still going to call for caution but
the police have said that the
version that fits the girl does not
fit that there are inconsistencies
contradictions in the version that is very
strange the version that the girl tells is
very realistic is what the police say and they
also say that no that everything indicates
that there is no such V okay there are people who
talk here that maybe it was
some cheating that she is trying to cover up
with a false report and well this
is the issue but to believe that Antwerp you have to
be an idiot I mean
believe it to believe it let's see it's how to
believe it of marlos
okay that the dog was it was called to
love them
to believe it let's see literally that the
flowers that we have had in this trial
is that in the US the trials are very
movie-like and we have a trial that lasts
six weeks with  many many
many hours okay in which he is being
caught from all sides he is already being
seen so much to believe
the swerve that the aunt made the day that
the day he confronted Camille the day he
walked insolent report the
flyers wrote
I wish that in Spain the trials were like this I wish that the
trials were like this here in Spain
okay
that fact Vidal this tweet 15 thousand light
okay in which they are messing with
Williams ter listen this is directly
sad no longer and you get involved and you'll see
what is sad I don't know maybe
Wilster is putting
[Music]
maybe we hate he is putting
humiliating or insulting faces in the
thumbnails or maybe I
am putting them in a degrading
derogatory way in the thumbnails but no
what happens is that the guy is making
videos of the topic of the moment the most
viral topic of the moment which lasts for many
hours during the day updates come out
on the subject
practically all day long because
a trial that is being
broadcast live not only on
televisions around the world but on
many YouTube channels with millions
of viewers and basically
new information every half hour
so let me explain here what is
directly sad
what is directly sad
okay
in fact the thumbnails are very good
because they are my style okay
49 videos giving opinions let's see what this sounds like okay okay
sometimes this sounds like sometimes and we have
commented on something like this on some
occasions
49 videos giving opinions on a
domestic violence trial for 20 minutes
each
20 minutes each one must
be sad your existence
no it is not about the criticism quota I
mean the first thing the guy says is that it is a
domestic violence trial
sanz and it is not a domestic violence trial
in fact I have never had a
domestic violence trial I mean it
is a defamation trial that
is lasting six weeks of the
nonsense and lies that the woman has said
a domestic violence trial
and you have to see that she is giving her opinions
for 20 minutes in each one
I do not know if what hurts this guy
that  has put I was I do
n't know if what hurts him is that he earns
money,
that he has many visits
or that he is giving it a voice so that the world
that this seems incredible to me that the
world knows that bees exist okay let's
see those mentioned
and the visualizations people are just as
sick as he is
the camera of people just as sick
with him
being a media case of two
Hollywood stars a superstar like
Johnny Depp
as if that weren't interesting it's
called reporting on a trial that has been going on for
weeks with
updates coming out every day and speaking of
informing yourself it's something that you should do
the trial for information
even what we don't support Amber we know
that this is sad and embarrassing
imagine that you tell
[Music]
to a newspaper
imagine that a newspaper is
informing you what I know about the war in
Ukraine every day
imagine telling a news program to a
newspaper that his life is very sad
because it is publishing
news about the subject every day
how do you get to this point in your life and you don't
stop for a moment to analyze  what you
're doing if you have to get to
this stage to be even
halfway known in the media you are already
unpleasant mediocre
imagine if you say to the baker you're not
ashamed you're
not embarrassed every day
selling the same bread let's
see the most exact comparison the most
similar would be that of television and the
news and news of
all kinds written written wilson
thank you very much for becoming a member
really how many people are
becoming members today thank you very much
imagine if you say to a
news program that today stop reporting man
about the war in Ukraine which is a
disgrace that people are suffering
man well
imagine that you are complaining
for giving your opinion on a trial that is directly a reality because directly the trial is a reality in which let's see she is making a fool of herself but because she has already gotten involved in that be it should you have used that time to grow in your career
inform yourself a little better as an actress do
not see how badly she acted
during the six weeks of the trial
if I was attentive a joke in
three or four years they will be
everyone saying how bad it was a
literal campaign of harassment and hate against
a woman
always the same thing
always the same thing I mean you can start
a campaign of harassment against your ex to
ruin his life and try by all
means to have him forever pointed out
as an abuser
thanks progressive matrix for those four
months king a huge hug I hope it
goes great for you
you can do that and write articles
in newspapers and the press of all
cities and all countries do
interviews saying that you are a
victim of gender violence but at
the moment that they are exposing you and you
are coming across as a liar because in the
end it is that they always get caught they
always get caught
because there is no way to catch the
flames they invent so many things
and this that we have seen about the
police of the group ub that the
police themselves are already telling you in the
media that there are contradictions and
inconsistencies
this because it is an anonymous person but
if it were a public person who had been
making the statements in the
media imagine the amount of nonsense that they
get up to
javi it is called dehumanization of man
a man can be no no  it's the man it
depends
but not on the man of the
specific person you wanted to hate because
surely also a person
those who humanize the man
dehumanize only their partners or the
objective they have to beat but
then they maybe have
friends coworkers family members
even who do really
sexist things or really disgusting and
totally cancelable things so that they do
lose their jobs for life and I haven't seen it from
them
and we have seen we have seen examples
of that in all cases in all
cases similar to hunger
we have seen casual and then when they have
another in front of them or in the family or at
work or in any other place that
does things that for me to write
a thread or a little in the washington post I have
not seen it you know the hypocrisy are
in those types of things where they are most
ridiculous you know
this guy has not uploaded good videos
since 2017 and he doesn't drive a car I have not
seen the videos that will hater really uploads
on the subject because I have too much the
handsome will hater getting to the
unemployment line when the trial is over
since I knew him  I've been seeing that
this guy is an [ __ ] and that his
content is pure garbage.
Before, I followed him a lot, especially for
his videos of paranormal things and such.
To me, these men who take advantage of the
case of an abusive woman to
harass from above while high-fiving
his friend the abuser,
well, it seems to reflect
how
psychopathic
men are, taking advantage of Amber's case
to externalize their misogyny and you all
applaud it.
I had forgotten the existence of
this man, that misogyny, man, what a joke, what a joke,
his misogyny. I mean, this is not about
always believing the woman
because she is a woman
or the man because he is a man,
neither one nor the other. Each case
independently.
Each case independently is
given to me according to the evidence that there have
been men who have been blamed
and the one indicated that we have believed that we have, I
believe that he has done the things that he is
accused of, but honestly what happened with
Antwerp is tremendous, it's you believing it,
Antwerp, another level I
want to feel your body, complicated
mine because
thank you very much, specialists, let's see
listen to me we have
15 members today
15 members and speaking of
unfortunate people sewer and says he goes to the bathroom
literally had a leg asleep I
almost fell here arc of the curve you don't
know realize
the thing is what
[Music]
the thing is that there are no things of the law
at the same level to take
into account that we are
something else that they will reach us never in
life we are for them you know
how but I also don't care what the
people are not going to go or subscribe or
watch the videos or anything
also I tell you it's not like for example
Juan Cano's girlfriend who surely
today I will
run out that surely now
we will see a video of the bank
to the stuttering Diego
maybe if we go over this time
today that I think so because today I think I'm
going to record the video for
today I think I hadn't recorded the video for
the main one for tomorrow because today I don't have
prepared
for tomorrow for the main one
so today maybe more here more
time is worth
what we're going to do that I think I think we're
going to ration again to the
video of the  spurge that there were people
who complained that I didn't see the whole thing I don't
know what
so I think we're going to react again
when we finish these to the CEO let's see
well and important okay
yes exactly karime I think he is successful
that part the court of the extract is
family what I'm watching on youtube
please of course they founded you in
the comments
hayden but it's that I take you many
channels at the end of the day there were
many videos on all the channels
in all the comments I don't see it I
say it well you said it in the
group okay what I'm watching on
youtube please subscribe
subscribe important subscribe so you don't
miss any get out it's worth it
turns out that I follow an account
called best here well I follow it and
surely many of you follow it no in fact I
think he has
many more followers than me there are
many more followers than me on
twitter
270,000 and it's great me who got fed up
with king with this account because now
the account is dedicated to publishing okay to
recover to compile throughout the
day you
get the best as  case okay whether they are
journalists politicians twitter
athletes youtubers whatever
even people from twitter okay
the thing is that by the way follow me on
twitter too oliveira
okay this hub and oliveira is me
the thing is that politicians always
come out people from podemos and progressive people and
the typical activists and spokespeople of the
left because they are still [ __ ] up those who
all say things of
simplicity and nonsense there was one that I would
like to put but I'm not going to
find it that
was related to that
girl
feminists and it is so
ashamed on twitter and that I did so many
stupid things
look at that I was going and lately it is
coming out a lot in this account but since
he is left out before it came out a lot like
the one who was giving it to him
but now lately they are giving it to him
look this one is not
yellow so you don't throw me hate a
hug king thank you very much hey today there is a
lot of his yellow hanger to say that it is
true that you are paying attention to me and in the
end
hey listen to me
the chanel ass is allowed in
turn
this guy hs the tweet
this is the witness look at it
you know why  what box why isn't box
saying that hundreds of foreigners
destroy the streets and create insecurity
because they are lee lights that I don't know if he
will have a problem with partying okay he
has noticed what he is taking for granted
day when you are going to post this at
least make sure make
sure
or so who is not going to complain that
a city is being destroyed because of [ __ ]
football
who is not going to complain about
the videos of violence in the streets
is so that he saw it in which he was
going here in Seville these days with the
issue of football
is that literally
box had already posted tweets complaining
that the Seville city council in order to
allow the in
order to allow this [ __ ] of
visits and tourism and others were
allowing this it is like my son here you
can come as a tourist all you
want but not to commit crimes no they
talk because they have a mouth and it's like
you lie lie that something is left
Romina thank you very much but how many
people are going to be members today we will return
today to reach three thousand members no
way I am
at 23 thousand no but hey at least let's see
if we reach the  2000 someday do you think we
could okay if you don't boycott me
too much we could not be a
candidate about the year of attention
he says the impact of mba p in paris
saint germain is infinitely smaller than it would have
in madrid he
plays in a semi clandestine league that
in spain is seen through two
autonomous channels and the tweet of ibai
and vice in the taking in fact
welcome and thank you very much action
and what he is telling you is that they are so
stupid they are so few things that
football team in which he was
playing on paper that the main
television channels antena 3 telecinco
here in spain in the games of
that team you don't see that look you
see them on autonomous channels and in the tweet
device they
are putting the tweet and vice as if it
were knows
then dance answer and I know to have
so little impact I appear in your
newspaper every [ __ ] day and you
have told me to collaborate 12 times
let go of my arm here
clara kilos here what happens is that
Obviously they're
making it seem like it's something
inferior, like a little thing. Look how
little this football team is, just with these
matches.
Thank you very much. But hey, what's happening
today? The clash is going to be really bad. With this, it's
literally going to be really bad. With
the hierarchy that you're not respecting,
I know it's the
fault of the person who wrote the
article.
Rugilo, okay, not his own fault. Because
surely the one who's contacting
ibai to collaborate and the one who wrote the
news about by has nothing to do
with what this guy has said about the
thing. No, but of course, in the end,
since there's no control and it's a
very large company where a lot of people write,
what one person says can be contradicted by
what another person says. And that happens a lot.
The newspapers, no,
the thing is that
marca has always treated me very
well. Whoever I am, the relationship I have with
marca is quite good. In fact,
probably in a short time I'll tell about
some project. Okay, I'm
not going to tell it yet so that the usual suspects don't
appear in
marca's tweets,
sending the brand
[Laughs]
to any company that wants to collaborate
with me.  he strangles with fear and knows what he's
going against no but of course I
understand the anger device I understand that he
calls her annoying but the explanation
being fair being honest what happens
with newspapers when there are sacks that
no the other day for example I put a
sack of I think it was ABC I don't know if it was
ABC or El Mundo
and the sack if it was valid in fact I
checked it before putting it here it was
when we were talking about Channel
because it was the same writer okay the
same editor let's see what I do what he
said and you go on this subject
or well and that everything can be seen and heard well
and if everything can't be seen and heard well
then he'll have to call someone
to help me
let's read what they've put me for
a second ok since we're at it let's
read it
how many news stories are there a day let's
see it's here ok this is what they have
put the impact of mba p
on PSG is infinitely less than
what Madrid would have ok this well I'm
putting it again because I haven't read it
and because I saw it at the beginning of the
live and there were probably less
people of course I don't know how much you are the
impact of mba p on psg is
infinitely less than it would have in
madrid they play in a semi
clandestine league that in spain is seen through
two autonomous channels and
ibai's tweets okay obviously the tweet ley of
like this well there is nothing wrong with me
but well I think we
are all capable of seeing the indirect that
hides this that they play a semi
clandestine league in a league well a little
because he will have written in boomers is
that in marca there is a section that is
dedicated to the subject of streaming to ogame and it was
not even by hand like for example when
when they released my news that it was
in marca there have not been several news items
about me in fact not about the subject of me being
kicked out of london
pathetically and this will have been written in
boomers of a lifetime
and he talks to you about ibai's tweet as if it were
my it was you it was you a game a
football team that the games are
broadcast this point [ __ ] there
with love and valleys I am not calling you
clean points this  [ __ ] [ __ ] out there
tweeting do you
understand me
the truth is that a [ __ ] boomer
roared let's see I'm going to see it I'm going to see
who roared
I want to feel your body next to mine
because I
roared it's not it's not a boom in Austin I
mean he's a kid he's a
kid he's a
kid
let's see a kid a
little [ __ ] for carrying it out in a
semi-clandestine way that in Spain it is
seen through two autonomous channels and
Ibai's tweet is there anything wrong with this
no but what I understand from
this headline that we will now read is that
well the French league is not
important and has so little relevance and
so little impact that it is broadcast and vice
no longer tweets and
Galician television is like broadcasting it on a
shitty site and another shitty site I mean
if the French league had some
impact let's see they would also do something
shitty for nothing an Ibai channel on a
shitty channel a shitty site
thank you very much they were
not going to go against the rights of the
league or something like that I do
n't know what audience  they would have that mario
for god's sake but how many people are
becoming members today or have I fallen well
okay people but hungry let's see it's not a
television channel like it can be a
telecinco antena3 that has five
million viewers or four
million viewers
in these events that ibai has one
hundred thousand two hundred thousand I don't know how many
these things will have man
anyone would love them but man that's what
a regional channel has I mean it's
very strong for youtube but
still for television that soon
I hope the normal thing will be for a person like
javier leira to have like 200,000
viewers
and that a and vice I have a million
viewers every day every
night and you go with the millions of
viewers okay but man right now
a first division football team
the logical thing is that half of their matches I
imagine on strong channels well they
would broadcast it on antena3 or between themselves but I
think that the intention has been
a little effective not at least it
seems so maybe a misunderstanding in
action the intention but oliva and
mira knows but the guy has kept quiet he has kept
quiet in god  your twitter has not
posted anything 5 and not in the tweets
red book Javier is a sun cordial greetings
from this Chile is Axila Romina thank you very much
to her as this gentleman says
no that is what I understood and I tried we
all understand with the message that
read like that as is well or less he calls me a
son of a [ __ ] but it is understood a little what he
means no
and that he is right in part it is true that he is
right I mean there is no lie at all
what he says here outside of the
semi-clandestine thing that is a bit or a
semi-clandestine league it seems a bit
strong to me but no it is not false at all what he
has said but man he has treated me and
the autonomous leagues as if
we were something a bit shitty not
a bit like something else when he
marks at the end well it is a page that
precisely talks a lot about me which
seems good to me generally always for the
good and he has wanted to do many things
with me it is that deep down at least that is the
problem having problems with Tommy Llano it is that
look you know that
things would have changed if instead of saying
chains  regional and in ibai's tweet he
would have said regional chains and in a
string of kids
and in tweets of kids
not personalizing it
being realistic and wow, tremendously
impressive the things they do the
things they are achieving
the other newspaper raise your hand so they could
invite me one thing that doesn't invite me that that
pig contest
that new one they have made but don't change
thank you very much but no it does
n't have the audience of telecinco
or whatever so
true what man is not the
audience of one of a big site where I
know where first division football is broadcast it
would be worse I think they would ignore it
telling him a kid [ __ ] it's true you
know it has
caught my attention
so let's read what this is that of
course the article obviously will have
nothing to do with me simply here it will
refer to what this content is it is
exclusive this is the typical one that also
happens a lot that this one says they put me in the
title and they make it pay or that you
have to register
in this case I think it is not pay
you only have to register I think I
had an account in marca but well I do
n't know why I have not logged in this
content is  premium well nothing I don't know if I have an
account does anyone have an account I think you don't have to
pay I think only
that registration there are other sites that
tell you registration and payment I don't
think it's bad that they make you pay or they put
the click 20 and then you enter and the article is
not going to be about me at some point
but it
is not paid anyone can see it
just by registering when they got to the one in
Madrid I'm
not interested
I was only interested in the answer device
well what do you think you think it was
malicious do you think it was
derogatory do you think it was that what do you
think you're saying I'm going to prepare the
following extract that I had
prepared from one source but there he
sent it to me from another better I'm
not going to watch it the gossip youtube hayden
more cuts
[Music] of
course thank you very much
good family those of you who are
watching this youtube a big hug
don't forget to subscribe to find out about
all the salsa and anything goes that by the
way antidad again by land to the
deep I don't know what you think tell me
in the comments box if you think  that
both are succeeding or not
succeeding them why not time well
this is worth it since I left the series
the truth is that disconnect a little but it
is true that I do not listen to it as
a sack no I mean I do not hear it as
powerful powerful leaving aside the days
in which it comes in I predict the day that between
them cool and things like that I do
not know if he is squeezing it too much
as expected no I think I
really want to see the series of show
that promises it is advanced powerful
in depth it is killing it the nefarious
nefarious administration please use
the terms well not to see it we are going to see it
here to see what has happened
apparently today acn soccer focus imagine have you
also had any complaints believe it or
not this next news the one about and
vice no longer if it is to make the
same and dance the must
I got the wrong
subject moving on to this next last
news which is still about the subject of
London and how axo be and focus and
even begin came to expose
the server again state totally
disagree with what happened a
couple of days ago with the  theme of associating that
was bathed for two days of this same
server that to this day axon will already be
said that it will be a weak face in the
next I do
n't know if week not
the face of exo being I'm not going to put it
here but I know that I know that it has already been seen it was
leaked I think he leaked a video
accidentally or he's not even bathed
but well in the end they end up complaining
precisely about the injustice that happened
because of this situation they even mentioned
to the actor himself being that when he was
with comanche he did something that was even more
anti roll and that at that moment
nothing happened explain to me how the role was
basically I approached the hard one to
park the car I stopped for today that he
has a bat on his back I take the
bat away and a lady approached me telling me
robber I don't know what
closed me except the bat on his back
because he's going to keep it and I told him
shut up don't get involved where they call me and I
left but yes enjoying myself I took the car they
bring me their money like about to
burst it I
want to burst it he burst us  My
car fell off because of me
running at me they killed 33 people I
lost nothing to do with it either they killed me
the police came they handcuffed me after they
killed three people how it came
and then a mob came yes good
police officers here I had to wait for it to be that
to Mexico and I said no
but in the ambulance to pick it up
then pull and that's it I
think not like that
the cane too another thing that
taught me to sew is complaints they bathed it
according to the sun the thousand it doesn't depend on what they do it
depends on who does it okay
to me they did a total anti role pure
and simple and those there left it there
okay if they gave him a penalty it
would be half an hour because come on they didn't even
announce it anywhere
and nothing like that and it was anti roll
let's be we were watching it here
live and it was totally anti roll but it
depends on the policy that is that you
go eat with them or you don't know the
people who were on the
Spain RP server a curious thing because I don't know if they
know but perhaps it was founded by the
founders of this same server and
now that these same administrators  will they
handle acn soccer,
the range is not quite there, quite curious to say
the least, and for evasion of roland
knowing and spain
pm
already maybe I miss
the [ __ ] video were
jose but anyway as mentioned in a
direct past, in the end the
role play in London is supposed to be
something serious and
the rules have to be respected because if not, otherwise
the rules that are
on the server already written end up being broken but the
problem here in London is that
objectively there are many occasions in which
the server
by the administrators themselves have
made decisions with
practically no reason, if not scarce,
but anyway what do you think about this you
know where I'm going to I think that the
truth does not depend on who but on what yes it
is true that the axon issue being
what was happening with the axon issue being the
age that had passed
was it was unjustifiable to leave it because the
whole thing of trying to blow up
a gas station was the same as going a little too far okay
but anyway I do still think that it does
not depend on him that without him who
but that life is like that being like that
everywhere okay
well family well the two  strata that
we have left right now
are hard they are hard because they are two
criticisms towards me I'm going to
Juanca's wife again she has messed
with me
okay
and I think she has left me fatal this
time Juanca continues with her stories and
with her things
dude thank you very much and why
welcomed already made a
survey on her own channel and says let's
see
this survey
what am I going to do I'm not doing it to attack
anyone nor am I going to use it later for
that purpose it's only to know
from my community who I have the
most followers
who is your favorite youtuber we
vote for Javi Oliveira
and literally he has a lot of audience
wow
but literally
on your channel
no one
only for 18% of your channel you are a
favorite youtuber
and if I
beat him two others beat him
let's see the video that the woman made me
but where is the new video that
she made me she had made another video has not been shared bancal video new friend is in evidence once again in evidence is made in evidence once again the youtube Javier Oliveira and as many times as it takes I saw this video yesterday I was in the bathroom and the truth is
that  I put in the comments that this
video gets a little boring
right away I was a little bored okay I
can't tell you to ignore what she
said about your boyfriend extras you have all the
right to feel offended
very well I know if you're great I know if these are
topics that in particular I don't want to get into
or out I understand you my advice
indifference is the best weapon be
careful don't fall again and don't listen to
foolish people this man is
very evil and very arrogant you will get
sick and he gives himself the luxury of thinking that he is the
best it is not a luxury to
be sincere
but look at you not like the [ __ ] there are
people dude who are laughing these people
in their face so literal it is that it
is also mind in their face because even he
Huanca keeps putting
things like this on his twitter I don't know what
this has to do with the narration that I uploaded of
supposedly the mistreatment of Roco
Carrasco of supposedly the
mistreatment of Roco Carrasco he thinks that
putting supposedly had a
judicial process it is called knowing if I take
Hayden and I say  you know that there is den has
killed my dog supposedly
my dog escaped yesterday
and I have a video where someone
supposedly kills him
hits him another time if he supposedly kills him
that does not free me from the
complaint and the slander there are people who
believe themselves by supposedly putting eight thousand
times in front of each word of the
phrase that you are already checkmated now
sue no there this does not save you and no
what you are saying is strong okay
but look at you the guy puts a test to
a clip put a click where it
is literally describing
how they cut
how they cut in the 11 minutes that they
cut aside your series that
described it perfectly they muted
the audio then they focused a spotlight I don't know
what but the cut is noticeable in the 11
minutes that they removed from the documentary they
did it in a way that the cut is noticeable
okay and I described it or rather and so that you can
see that the 11 minutes do not have it
huanca but apart from the fact that it seemed
absurd to me it seems like convincing
children that the three wise men do exist and
that then the little mouse will come  perez will
take your tooth and leave you two
euros, that is literally, it seems
ridiculous to me having to explain that huanca does
not have the audios
below. Thank you very much, sweetheart, for
becoming a member. It seems ridiculous to me having to
explain it, but apart
from that, before this cut, there is the little
piece of audio, there is the little
piece of the scene that juank
put the audio
literally to escape the absurdity and
put
that, telecinco has deleted it and keeps
telling people, let's
see, I'm going to watch the video a bit if it's
very boring I'll remove it because yes, I
was watching it a bit quickly and
also I commented on it I can't find
my comment
delete my comment
delete my comment my
comment is being addressed let's
see 3 hours ago
convoca delete my comment dude
20 hours ago
a day ago
delete my comment look and comment
where is it
dude here you see the sado ban pay
attention to this detail god pay
attention to this detail
now tell me now tell me that
nothing is wrong with my channel is worth
a comment on a channel with 2,000
subscribers from a verified account
with half a million followers  to which
by the way the protagonist of the video herself has responded it
doesn't appear it
appears super low
now because we have it sorted but
before for better comments I also
put this video it's how boring the
previous one is more humorous make me another one and
react again so you can reach
8,000 views again hugs
let's see how incredible that
happens with everyone says Christopher
seriously I mean when he answers you when he
writes to you on the channel to someone like that more or
less
the comment stays higher up that
in addition to being chacao I don't know how it goes from being
super depressed and super lost a
comment
and I'm here taking a little walk I
came here to see the birds a little the
river well the lake because its part of the
lake and well I'm here
because I need to clear up a few
things
I want to get here a little bit the views are
beautiful
this place is beautiful simple
well good morning everyone today I am well I
'm here taking a little walk like I
said
how beautiful everything is there is a little boat there it
is seeing the happy people
happy people today and well then I'm going to
sit down a little bit to see  comment on
a few things that I have to comment on that
are very necessary
they are very very very necessary because I'm going to
make this video as a result of well because
the previous video that I made about this
person everything that I talked about apparently goes in
one ear and out the
other, inside here or here well I
know but it could still come out through one of his
ears well it
turns out that we're coming back with more
pearls to drop more pearls because it's
shameful for a person what you
have in your heart you don't let go okay it's like that it is
totally I mean here if he
is right what you have in your
heart you let it out here he is completely right
I have a slightly different way of thinking
not life I have a different
way of seeing life and a
real person who is not well tells
real things that
can become tremendous nonsense I
'm going to expose the pearls that I'm going to drop
again today because that's how it is I'm going to
expose it and I'm going to make it evident
okay I'm not going to shut up because he is
talking about my family he is
referring to my family I am going to expose
now some audios from youtube of this
character another one as I say  like I said he's
dropped new pearls
trying to simply expose
the hair that I get excited
because I don't
have any need I just put it
on a platter and you judge what you
hear because what you see I'm
going to expose right now
and already photos days
these photos of the green or seeing Wayne
Bridge
and already photo with the ring in his nose I
mean this is really getting me but [ __ ] the [ __ ]
balls god they seem like the
followers of the laser sense of
listening to me
these photos are a [ __ ] here yes they have
exposed me completely
without understanding things are not
equal
in that click I have said in intelligence and
in the way of understanding things we are not
all equal
where do you see the problem and girl
or rather where do you see the problem
in intelligence and in understanding
things we are not all equal but it's
literally
what is the problem and a man speaks and
says who wins in intelligence
and in knowing how to do things better is me
literally yes hell of the world
surely but of those that you are
putting on me the juanjo the juanca
who do you put on me the most
obviously if you
or rather I do not understand what the problem is with the
bad things that I have said
or rather no  understand place is the problem is
already destroyed that believes the most
intelligent in Spain notice
'Spain I have not said at any time
is capable and may be more or less of
the most intelligent Spain surely
is I have none of the highest
average but of Spain I have never
said I have said the most intelligent
of the youtubers of this subject
yes literally yes you know that
literally I think so that is what it
says you have heard
there what they say in intelligence
sometimes I have said that but I have not
said it I have said that I am more
intelligent in Spain
is to put right now it does not seem good
but yes not
of intelligence
go back without understanding things no we are not
equal to all we are not equal it
is true that in fact that was
answering something that said we are all
equal and I said let's see we are all equal
not all we are equal it is
supposed that for the law neither but we are
all equal in rights not in
human rights but that we are equal
not in intelligence we are not equal what
nonsense is it to us imagine to think that
I have the same intelligence as
albertito the man speaks and says who
wins in intelligence
and in knowing how to do things better  things are me
in knowing how to do things better I don't know if I
said it literally
probably I am too but well I think I didn't
say that that he
thinks he is the most intelligent in Spain
look that's what he
says have you heard there
what he says in intelligence well I win well that
is not a characteristic of a
person
and arrogance
or rather the best if I don't give a damn I am
sincere let's see arrogance
arrogance feeling of superiority
over others that causes
distant or contemptuous treatment towards them
but I imagine that you are referring to
others generalizing but I am not
saying among all I am not
saying that I am the most intelligent and the one who
does everything the best on YouTube it is
because a weak thank you very much for that to
deserve this small group
in all aspects let's see pedals
eye of god
stopped over here in the living room a
mosquito device let's see if this is worth 7 let's
see it is an air freshener
absolutely nothing an air freshener against
mosquitoes but well the same and I get
a little bit ambiance
here and now
is that it coincides with the prototype it
really coincides and this is a person
who believes to have instincts of superiority
over others  it doesn't depend, besides, let's
see, it depends on what, besides if you put Juanca to me,
well if you want me to say no,
but Juan, they are exactly the
same in intelligence, Juan and I
are on the same level, it doesn't
depend on what else you put me, I
have colleagues who are more or less the same
as me, I mean, in their head, in their little head,
this already comes from a problem
of personality, a law, the psychologist, the
girl is not there, the girl diagnoses you
that with any hand move she
tries to demonstrate that instinct of
superiority to
have self-esteem over here
but what do you want her to have low self-esteem
with this face, with this body and with
this gift of the gab, do you want her to have
low self-esteem, you would like her to have
low self-esteem, I don't know what the
problem is with her having high self-esteem,
what is the problem with her having
high self-esteem,
but nevertheless, this is only
like a shield, that is not new, what
he really thinks and wanted, no,
yes, I think so, but like that's not what
I think now, element is also and she
has her head, I mean, security, it
's not only a shield that she uses that
arrogance, that superiority and everything
to protect herself from others because deep down  he is
a weak being that is how he is and
there I can not do anything
I am weak how can I be arrogant I
mean I am arrogant but it is a shield that
appears in which I pretend is the
arrogant
because in reality I am weak
already in itself it is that
I am always a critical person with
people and I tried to help her because
I do not come here to say the stupid like that like that
and leave it like that I above
all I have as I have compassion and I
can help my fellow men okay
and here it is about getting out a
message in which we are
really becoming that what we are doing and
delivering right now in society
and this is happening in social networks
imagine it is a rap that we are
giving to society and it is told to you by the
relative of the game
that we are offering to society
I know go through the timeline of one
again the bass that I
always confuse the names of the two go through the
main string of the Huanca channel and
look at what he is offering you for
example
Juanca does not give you much confidence bank
man have a lot a lot of confidence
Huanca is not that I give you okay  look, I wouldn't
leave him alone in my living room, well, what he's
saying is, I have
n't seen anyone more sincere than
me, he's
complaining,
the complaint is that I, that Juanca
doesn't ask me for trust enough to not
leave him alone in my living room, she wants to
demand something from me, that she doesn't
want to demand from me, that I, that Juanca
gives me trust enough to leave him alone in my
living room,
well no, honey, no,
no, my daughter, I do
n't trust the one who brings me
croquettes at night I close the
door on them while I'm inside for the change, I
mean, literally, I don't
even trust my own shadow,
but man, much less does he give me
trust in a house, I don't understand what
the complaint is, you
know, I'm telling you the truth,
how is
a person going to give me
trust in Huanca, how is
a person who starts asking
their followers for money
saying they don't have money to buy a
chair,
look, I was precisely sending you a
gift from a broken city, it hasn't been done
to remind me of
a person who could say they don't
have money for a chair when they've earned
three thousand bucks a month
how are you not going to have enough for a chair that
costs 40 euros, not this one, but there are some that cost 40
euros. I started with a city that cost 30, 40
euros
literally, no, I don't trust you here in
Huanca,
Uncle
Fidel Juan, who is capable of taking me off
those jokes, thank you very much, I don't
trust you, leaving me, he wanted me,
oh, he doesn't know the mic and today I have the camera
over there, I bought
some things for the new studio, I'm
not going to show them. Yes, I'm not going to
show this, he wants me for
new studios, imposed lots for the
new studio, but I
bought it, it does
n't make sense, but you won't
see it until the studio is over, you won't see it, they won't take it
out of the box, you couldn't see it if
I wanted to because I have photos, but it makes
no sense, no sense at all,
no sense at all, really, I'm
not going to tell you what's going on,
hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,
hello,
Juan Cano inspires confidence,
that's what he says, he doesn't inspire
confidence and I, honestly, wouldn't take care of myself with
him, he even says something very, very
loud that I want to shout, let Spain
know  all of Spain that says they wouldn't
trust Juanca that they wouldn't be capable of
leaving him alone in his house
family maybe I've said something very
crazy now I've said something very
crazy you would leave Huanca alone in your
house
maybe I've said something very crazy
you would leave Juanca alone in
our house
[ __ ]
make me a copy of the keys to
your house if you let anyone
stay
I have said that Huanca has done anything
nor have I accused him of anything it simply does
n't inspire me with confidence exemplary
I would not leave him alone in my house
you would leave Huanca alone in your
house
always of course
now ask you because I do
n't think that we finished saying that
because you don't trust leaving him alone in your
house
well look to begin with because I tend to be
a person who guards their privacy and
apart from the fact that you wouldn't give me your credit card
you would give me your credit card and your
pin or rather we are talking no
I'm not afraid of buses but
apart from the nonsense that
this lady is talking about be lady let's
see from here
if you with with this smile no yes
you don't have the same distrust that I do
and you're a better person than I am so
adopt one thing tell me here in the
next video your credit card number
and the three digits on the back okay
and the expiration date tell me she
won't distrust any of us no
listen this lady will give it to me the
card number she distrusts us let's
see if you have the courage to answer I
answered it that knocks it down she
answers me she had it because I
'm really imagining
this type of comment is embarrassing but
what she says
or loans that she makes that she gives him the
keys to her house tokic and lets him
feel the heat in the living room that they put on whatever
channels they want to open the
drawers whatever they want to
open the refrigerator whatever they want I
don't understand what this woman's bad complaint
is that she wants me to
have to my juan that asks me for
trust enough to leave him alone in my
house and I want I understand what the complaint is
but no gloves or any none
none no there are some that if they hear
wealth that I do here alone in my living room
or I mean what nonsense no
none none no today  Enrique stayed
here all my students but for example
when you can't
break something wise Javier
Oliveira wants to steal my money but
for the paper which is the same you know that
I think that everyone would think the same
as me and I think that this lady is not
going to give me her card number
obviously because she doesn't trust me
because she doesn't give me what this
lady's name is I know if otherwise why don't you give me
your credit card number with your
pin
okay
and I think that instead of helping yourself you are
falling into the low you
are portraying yourself it is really a
shame because many people are
followers of
your content you make it and you
probably like it I don't know but as a person
as a person and the way you are and
continues to denigrate others
even
commenting to many people that I would not
trust a classmate again that
they supported my classmate
to everyone everyone on YouTube is my
classmates because he can break the mic and
as only double or rather she is offended she
is offended because I would not
let my boyfriend stay alone in my
house  they are annoying how they are it's
like I know what
this lady is doing right now it's
like if I call any neighbor of mine
/ neighbor
let me introduce myself in her living room well
look why do I feel like trying out
her couch for a while
let me sit in her living room and grab me is
that one good for you don't hear could I not think so
the truth is no no I'm not going to let you in my
house I'm just going to know that I don't understand
what this lady's complaint
is like if you would let her have the car
it's like I told myself that it's like if she
tells me no that she wouldn't let her have the car
water because she wouldn't let it I don't
understand what the complaint is I don't
know it will be seen that she leaves the
keys to her house to everyone I had maybe I do
n't want to I understand with which
you yourself have to tell me why you did
n't want to
and less although it is although
the Huancayo channel explode again I think it would not
explode again that I would not give him
again what gave him
the confidence of Huanca
because to
move the man and the paint
ah
the expression of a person that
but if nothing
Well, the character says, says at
what point will I define myself as a character,
no, that I wouldn't notice and that Juanca
could never surpass and that although the
Roco Carrasco issue may not have
the impact it had a few months ago for now, well, he
says no, that it wouldn't grow, no, and
because he already realized that people are
not interested in the subject nor do they know about it, they
know people start looking
on YouTube for things that television doesn't give them,
be it information, laughter, spectacle, spending
time entertaining themselves, then a man comes
in, there's a guy selling you smoke,
lying to you and talking pure nonsense, I mean, so that you
know that you're going to get on the
banking channel.
I say one thing, you who are a fortune teller
to know if one would grow,
the subject would grow and right now what there is is a
lot of deception with the Antonio
David issue and many channels trying to
deceive others, trying to
pass themselves off as
and marea azul trying to give
people their ears, saying the things that they
want, people to hear, they all know what
can happen in the future,
as they know the things that can come,
okay, they're already talking and
saying incoherent things really
without thinking about it that's why sometimes I say you have to
take your time and know how to think and
decide what you're going to say on
social media you can't just talk
nonsense you're talking nonsense
the pure truth I'm already telling the pure
truth whoever doesn't tell you out of sincerity I
say it again that's decided by the
audience the public like tomorrow you'll be
left with 50 50 subscribers or a thousand
visits a day what do you know is that
really that way it's their instinct of
superiority over others it
's really incredible it's
incredible I was really
surprised and especially what he said
last
that I wouldn't trust him because he
says it like that I wouldn't trust him because
the looks, they look like I mean
literally he's a character
but not that I don't trust him because of the looks ah
no I don't trust him because of the looks, the looks don't matter to me I
won't leave here alone in my living room anyone
who comes to flirt or save themselves from the
looks I'll do it a little bit to snack or
to put the key in because huanca a
character has some  peculiar looks I mean it is
but that's not derogatory it's like
if you tell me that chiquilicuatres or
eyebrows don't have more looks
literally but that's the reason why I would
n't trust him no I wouldn't trust him
because I don't trust him he doesn't
inspire confidence in me he starts asking for
money for a chair when he earns three
thousand euros a month and I don't feel like it the
truth is he lies to you in the videos he deceives you
knowing that he's telling a lie he's
trying to sell something that is false
how do you want them half in my
living room but it's not because of the looks to the PSUV
for example if I would leave him alone and he looks
worse at least from the walk out south
forgive me
but I have the one that looks
literally no no it's will be painted
anyway
this person earns trust I don't
earn it to the south if I will leave him here alone
in my house and if he has to come to
Seville they don't have to stay here they
have their house do you understand the nonsense nonsense
okay it's literally it's
[ __ ]
apart I'm saying it a little bit to
put the key to a crazy
intense snack like laughs
but no  emotional that has the looks that
are the looks you notice the
looks of a person you
are a classist then it
has nothing to do with classism the
first thing is that the reason why I do
not trust him is not the looks and not the
looks he can come
dressed in a jacket and it does not matter that he dresses in a
jacket Juanca would look the same or rather
Juanca could be seen if in a jacket and
the same impression would remain the
thing is
that I do not trust him for another reason not for the
way that gives us classisms classisms that
you believe that someone is better or worse
depending on the money they have is
worth or rather I do not make money that
Huanca has or does not have
the fact that
in all of these it is the second video at your
expense in the number of videos it does not matter like
that please do not act like the
follower of the bass who in fact has
followed the work of being here
putting green and supporting the nonsense
that this woman says simply because they
hate me because I criticized below good
and follower of bass followers of
Albert Sez
how I am creating  resentment there are
people who hate me simply because at
some point I criticized their favorite youtuber it
is really pure and
hard plasismo in its most natural state
with seen you have been able to hear
this youtube is lost because of the looks of
a person it
is that
he only portrays himself truly he alone
portrays himself truly how shameful you
are making your countrymen look bad you
are making his countrymen look bad you are
making your countrymen look bad
imagine that what I do on youtube
leaves the rest of the countrymen in a bad way I mean in
Seville there are two million people that
I don't know
Sacchi damn they already have like two million
two hundred thousand inhabitants
and I am making two
million people that I don't even know look bad
for criticizing Juan that in the middle
Blanca
literally of these two million
people don't trust the Huanca either it
is as if what I did in Seville would
not
leave the rest of the
citizens in a bad way who live good
people bad people here at Christmas to murderers
look at that I am telling you everything what
pure nonsense these women say let's
see  this white hour in the end I always
say that a little bit of each man you know
if you're with someone it's because a little
like him
to Seville which is a beautiful land one
of the most beautiful cities in Spain and I
'm broke I'm leaving
Seville in a terrible state imagine next year the
fair is empty because of me
next year we'll get the Macarena
day because he's going to spend money taking it out
with the few people who go outside
Javier Ledesma visuals towards the lady
none of that
the ideal is not going to grow or anything like that
because I'm writing imagine
imagine applauding these
arguments the ladies simply
because I left another youtuber that she
adores bad you know and then they already have it in for me
and they support all the videos
they support every video that is
against me because I have told the truth
about the youtuber that they like
and it hurts them
if you see yourself here that the comment you
say but these ladies
are idiots I
mean it's like when you can give
credit to
something we're hearing in
this video
but I had the comments are how bad
Javi is how good that  bad is javi you
are literally humiliating him because that he has
told the truth about him and how
his criteria s
what a shame really
what a shame they must be feeling right now so many sevillians of you really did it to your face directly literally literally you
are saying it to my face but today I went down to the street and everyone turned their back on me today I went down to the street and the truth is I deserve it it's like when they shot me in tweets in the squid game and on my channel
all over my face well today they did the
same thing to me exactly the same I went down
to the street I went to throw out the garbage and the
container wouldn't have opened I had to
leave the garbage outside the
container I went to cross the street for
a red light suspicious
I went to get a scooter
in the scooter parking lot to go
to the garage to get my car boom none of them
worked wouldn't let me unlock
any of them he
asked a lady for the time and she cheated on me do you
want more do
you think it's a regrettable taste I hope it
really
seems a bit loc ana take
a good dose of ubicana he was
only saying the
food  it was
salsa, let's see, he started listening to
Romeira's love songs and he's
saying it like a joke, like arrogance, you've
already lost your registration in
Seville. Well, I'm going to lose it right now
anyway because in this 21st century,
we can't put up with this kind of
thing. I'm telling you this and I'm going to keep
talking. In the 21st century, you have to let
anyone you
meet on the street into your house.
What's that? I don't understand the logic, maybe
I'm short, but
intelligent and short. The logic is that
in the 21st century, you have to let
anyone you meet on the
street into your house and give the keys to your house, your car, your credit card,
all by saying things face to face.
Keep spouting more sorrows. Well, I'll keep
talking. I'll keep talking. It's just that there's no
other choice. At least I have something to
entertain the woman. Hey, it's the same as the
same. I have more people arrested. I
want a bank because it seems that she pays
more attention to me. There's no
other choice because I'm not going to
allow this kind of thing and I had to. It's
not going to allow it here.  to criticize
someone to put someone down for the
simple fact of their graffiti their
clothes their how they look physically
their face and everything
for that whether it's literally for the
things they do the
things they do for the things they do we will do
this please
listen to me lady I am not going to give your
boyfriend the key to my house I don't trust
him I don't trust
him we will
do this this is not right this
man does not help does not help at all at
all for Spain to be a better society
of Bern previously made a video and
clarified some of my virtues and
defects and I recognize it
openly one that asking for forgiveness one
day or something that I have done wrong I have
said something that is not right I am going to
do it I am going to apologize to people and
then I have no problem
but there are certain people well in their
head is
their mind the word sorry I am sorry I think
I was wrong
I recognize my fault I recognize my mistake does not
exist it does not exist and that literally I
have a lot of videos where I asked for
forgiveness for things and I was wrong I am going to
ask your boyfriend for forgiveness because he did not
leave him  enter his house and tell him that he
is deceiving people with the
11 minutes
but if I am one of those who have to
apologize
for giving him for deceiving the
elderly ladies
by telling them that you have the 11 minutes that have been
taken from Telecinco for God's sake
apologize for deceiving the
elderly that
is in the case of people
typically to people who are arrogant haughty
that happens
unfortunately there are people like that in the
world
and I can't do more
with this character I am not going to
change him definitely I
hope that he changes himself
because I imagine that also
around him the people who love him people who if they
really love him are going to do to him
is to say the things that are right
and that are not right it's up to you if you
are trying to say that my wife or my
children are going to let him go to
jail huanca you are going to leave him alone on the couch
okay but they added the dog and the
dog would let it pass to say what it is what has to be
done simply
expose this character because I think
that  It directly affects me, my
partner, my family and I'm not going to
allow that. I'm not going to say any more. I'm going to expose it here in
front of everyone. They
apologized because you don't live. He's
trying to gain views by deceiving the
lady by saying that he has the eleven
minutes. Telecinco
is literally different. Excuse me or already, tell
your boyfriend not to deceive people. Tell
your boyfriend not to ask for 50-50. Tell your
boyfriend not to ask for money for a chair
when he earns three thousand euros a month or
has earned it, we no longer earn it.
People are no longer stupid.
comment, comment, just okay and
well, nothing. I'm not going to waste my time
here anymore. I really want to continue
taking advantage of the rest of the day a little more.
At least there's been good work at
the residence. He no longer works and dedicates his time to me. How
important I am, God,
and nothing. Well, I want to send him a
very big greeting. Thank you very much for
all the comments that you have left me in case
you liked my video. If you think that
you are also a person who says
no to injustice, no to arrogance,
no to I am a person.  who says
no to injustice but I'm not going to leave
your 9 in my house
thank you very much Everett thank you very much
I am a person who says
no to injustice but your boyfriend is not
going to sit in my living room move day no to
classism well follow me or if not well it
depends on you nothing a little greeting and until
the next video they call us singer
say follow me don't be the brand by the
cheap demagoguery of trying to say that they follow them
okay try to say that they
follow them so that if you are against
injustice follow me that you what more
regrettable ways will they try for the followers
to find a space no look girls let's see
still explain very clearly you told me
in the comment box responding to
my comments you put me
sorry my time is so valuable that I can't
allow myself to talk about you all the time
literally you literally talk all day talk
all day about my level it is the
only video you have made in the day take
a walk through other channels surely
you will find other colleagues talking about
you I
mean I waste all day responding
to people talking about me but nothing happens
I have fun that I make another one  video
those matters of mine and only I decide are
you going to make another video
don't talk nonsense get off another video and
I wanted you to make this video and now you're
going to make another one okay
you can react if you want and yes of
course it's not necessary that doesn't matter to me
I don't live off the visits the
typical false honesty not the physical the
typical false good-naturedism no what tells you
that I don't care about the visits I don't care about the
visits but if they are
telling people here with false
demagoguery that they follow you everyone
why do you want them to follow you if you don't care about
the visits okay and look girl really
your most viewed video is here
here it appears here because it won't know
update on youtube but it has 11 thousand and
some views your most viewed videos are
about me
and that's it and
the second most viewed video now it's
also going to be about me that
this woman
uploads that woman uploads a
video about wise man really
because she also uploaded a video about
Federico I haven't dreamed it up because of
course people told her
if you look at Federico but it's 12
minutes what perez  to people he said
like he already has more visitors talking about
friends Federico people told him like
well he's mad at Javi Oliveira
look how hypocritical they are you're
mad at Javi Oliveira style and you
're complaining that he's skilled and he told me
and he's calling me classist because I
said that he would leave us huanca in the
living room
but
to Federico what did he say Juanca blog that he's
a man who seems poor he does
n't say anything to him but well a very
dignified
family thank you very much I'm leaving they just
sent me they just gave
me places
topic for video for main channel
tomorrow what we were preparing I have to
review it I have to
contrast it I have to go to thank you very much
queen I have to review it well I have to
contrast it I have to show it he
must rehearse it so here you're going to give me
today 6 in the morning and nothing god be
20 members today
on YouTube I don't know how many members how much I do
n't know how many people have made subs in
tweets between a little bit I am we are
very few but
20 members on YouTube it
will be a tasty topic man it is very good
the truth I would like that the video that I am
going to make that I am going to record now for
tomorrow the truth is that it would be that it has
visitors because the truth is that it is a
powerful topic it is about Marilyn Manson very very
very handsome come on family we will see tomorrow
okay thank you very much to all of you who
have accompanied us tomorrow we will see
100% okay
[Music]